---
layout: Blog
title:  My experience with Bloc

---

My journey into development was started after High School when I attended Microsoft Sigma school to become a computer administrator, many years ago. As time passed, my priorities changed, from becoming a computer nerd to becoming a wife, then a mom. My husband and I raised two children, one is almost an adult, the other one is becoming a little boy who is only four years old, but with a longing to be 17, so he can drive.

------------------------------------------
About 2 years ago I started a course with a learning company to get my feet wet in the web development field, it was a "learn on your own tedious way" type of school, which made it more difficult to continue after being a mom and working full-time. Still, that small flame of wanting to learn more about Web Development was burning in the back burner of my mind.

-------------------------------------------
As each year passed by, I had a hesitation to get back in the computer field, one of them was thinking how there are still stereotypes for being a woman who codes. The computer industry has always been more proactive in having men as coders, my other hesitation was the thought that my computer knowledge was outdated and will I be able to code??. All of these negative thoughts embraced my wishes.

-----------------------------------------
Finally, last year, my husband told me how he thought I would be an excellent Web Developer since I always pay attention to details, I like designing, creating and building. His encouragement and help, motivated me to pursue again, Web Development. After researching on-line for a great teaching school, we discovered Bloc School. Bloc had a program where you set your own hours to study on-line, they provide you with a mentor, and they motivated woman who would like to code, by granting a discount.



 After looking at Bloc we realized that it had the structure, mentorship, and support needed for me to learn. We contacted Bloc and I asked the question if coding was difficult to learn since my computer knowledge was outdated, they advised me "anyone can learn how to code regardless of their background" after that question answered they referred us to an online info session where they covered the following:

 -2016 **job market trends** in web Development

-Details on the **curriculum** (where Bloc teaches two stacks: JavaScript and Ruby)

-How the **Career Support Program** ensures the students will pass the technical interview

-How the **tuition reimbursement guarantee** works

After the webinar I still had a few questions, so I called Bloc again and talked to a Student Advisor, she sent me the financing information to apply for a loan, which was very easy. Shortly after, I enrolled in the Web Development track. After that, I received an email from Bloc with instructions of the following steps I needed to take, the most important one was to select a mentor during my orientation week(which was one week prior to my start date).

The process of enrolling with Bloc was easy, I think one of the difficult tasks was to select a mentor.
After reading thru all the available mentors' profiles I choose Kevin McGillivray, which he has been a great asset to my learning. He has been more than patient in teaching concepts that I couldn't grasp. He has been an amazing mentor, and I am so happy that I selected him.

---------------------------------

Overall my experience with Bloc has been great, everyone is very helpful and they want you me to succeed in my new journey.
